Update usage of Kafka (#156)
Aiven-Open/klaw-docs: docs/Concepts/promotion.md

To promote a topic to a higher environment, follow these steps:

1. Select **Topics** on the navigation bar.

> 2. Select the specific Apache Kafka Topic you want to promote to the higher environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the specific Apache Kafka topic you want to promote to the higher environment.
```

To promote a schema to a higher environment, follow these steps:

1. Select **Topics** on the navigation bar.

> 2. Select the specific Apache Kafka Topic you wish to promote a Schema to the higher environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the Apache Kafka topic for which you want to promote the schema to a higher environment.
```
